hey guys today I'm going to be opening
this package and I want to start off by
saying that I feel much better than I
sound and I sounded much worse than this
a few days ago trust me so I'm sorry if
my voice is bothering you right now
maybe mute it or I don't know I need to
open this box so this package is from
the lovely Barry holic and it is my
Christmas package as you can see she
always decorates it very very nicely and
super cute it gets a little squirrels or
chipmunks I think it's a squirrel I
don't know the difference I think it's
the tail but I think it's a squirrel
anyways I have to go ahead and open this
up okay let's take a peek oh I see
Donald I'll let you guys pause and read
if you want to see the note the berry
holic is the most sweetest person in the
world and in the good days they are
Donald pajama she actually showed me we
could not keep secrets from each other
it's crazy we're always telling each
other what we got for each other but
these are Donald pajamas if you guys can
see the tag you can tell what kind of
pajamas there and it looks super super
cute she sent me these really awesome
Mickey pajamas last year and I still
wear them look at the donald print it is
so cute and with a nautical theme that
is so perfect and then what is this oh
it's a bag of frozen it's like one of
those shopper bags you call them equal
bags here I don't know what they're
called in each country but these are
super nice and look at the design is so
pretty sorry if I don't talk as much as
usual or my reactions don't seem as
excited I am a bit congested and I know
I sound disgusting so please enjoy the
package with me to remember I think this
is family addresses that's it because i
don't remember addresses this will be
perfect because i am always asking
people for their addresses can you see
she even put my name in it that's so
sweet it even has a super cute fabric
tag i love it i guess it's not bambi
it's just a deer but it's super cute
some snackies I believe these are meant
to be shared with the Panda ooh look at
its little chocolate I have never seen
this packaging before looks super fancy
that this is gonna be really tasty look
at that
looks good maybe has some cinnamon in it
hair ties can never have too many of
these I'm always losing them I try to
keep it up my wrist but you know how it
goes almonds maybe sugar coated almonds
these are delicious but your pad is
gonna want all of them what are these
chocolate of some sort looks like ginger
that'd probably be good to my cold huh
and they're from trader joes we don't
have traded rose over here I her so much
about them I would love to go one day
bourbon vanilla these are gonna be good
too i think these are almond chocolates
look yummy mr. panda is going to love
you forever and ever and ever look at
this blueberry panic hope that maybe
yeah edna clip de chocolate he's gonna
love love love these and it's such a big
bar of chocolate can you guys see that
it's huge these look at me almond
crackers biscuits I'm not sure they look
really good it's not like a hazelnut I'm
not sure I think their cookies it some
sort they look really good and finally
can you guys see our heads gone there
this is rough on low I actually asked
very holic to help her get me because
the jet pan disney store was sold out
ironically she's back in stock but the
berry holic was awesomely sweet and help
me get her and i love the doll her face
is super cute but i also think that
maybe the dress will fit my pull up doll
and I thought that would be awesome so I
know I sound horribly miserable but I
promise I'm feeling much better I'm
sorry you have to listen to me sniffle
and sound stuffy but I wanted to get
this video up for the very holic because
a box has been sitting here for a few
days now and I know she's been excited
for me to receive this gift and I've
been totally excited to open it so thank
you so much for her bearing with me
through this video and a big big thank
you to my bestie the very holic who is
also been sweet and I cannot wait to try
Rapunzel's dress on one of my pull up
dolls and hopefully it'll fit but even
if it doesn't this rapunzel doll is so
cute i love it so much and the chocolate
and almonds i am going to be having a
sugar high maybe it'll give me energy
and help me feel better or maybe it'll
just make me more tired I don't know
anyway I know that tonight I will be
cuddling up with my new Donald Duck pjs
and I can't wait to talk to you Daria
nice you guys thank you so much for
watching I will see you next time
hopefully with a better sounding voice
bye